Okay, we're going to try something here.
I may have figured it out.
Something may have happened with the monitor.
How are we looking?
Is that okay?
Talk to me, Goose.
Yeah?
Did we figure it out?
Oh, bless your heart.
Thank you, sir.
All right.
I'm just going to run in a quick introduction here then.
That's great.
What do you mean no video?
The family says it's perfect.
I know this start, no one's kind of lame, but I like the video to be okay for the next
person that falls on and I'll do a real quick intro, I promise.
Still looking good?
All right.
Sweet.
I figured it out.
I think that might have been a problem for longer than all of you people have been telling
me.
What kind of chumps are you?
You were telling me that it was out of sync.
You should have been telling me a long time ago, I think.
Darn it.
Maybe not a long time ago, but a little while ago I changed settings on my big monitor and
I didn't realize that that was challenging OBS to render it at a greater resolution on
my screen.
So that was actually taxing OBS just for this, just for me to see it, which is really funny.
I totally built.
So that was what it was.
Zoinks.
I used to be able to do that before my voice was destroying my mic.
Well, thanks for coming back.
Rodney Mullen recently had some surgery and is recovering and feeling like a million dollars
and has had less pain in his legs and hips than he's had in years.
I don't know if I'm allowed to tell you that, but I'm telling you anyway.
I love that man.
Hello, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to GIGO and biological.
This is take three.
Take three on the 12th of October, 2023.
And yeah, I do sound different from JC on a bike because my voice is destroyed.
I don't have the voice that I had when I was JC on a bike.
It was deeper and louder and more powerful.
I could blow the windows out of a car and now I can barely talk.
I'm pretty sure it happened after I shook hands with Andrew Huff, but I don't know.
I'm not going to blame it on anybody.
But they are misleading the young.
It was all that shouting in the corridors, perhaps indeed.
Learn your history, ladies and gentlemen.
Learn your biology is really important because the bricks at the back of the theater are
visible and these things are true and I'm just going to flip through these real quick
because, you know, I made a mistake a couple of times with this setup.
It takes a while to learn how to do all this stuff.
I don't want to, you know, toot anybody's horn for streaming.
But you know, there's a little bit of finesse, there's a little bit of power point, there's
a little bit of this, there's a little bit of that.
It's an investment in time and energy that not everybody tends to put in.
And I had it a little bit here and a little bit there.
Thanks to my friend Hunter, I've been able to get a bunch of stuff out of the garbage
can and that has really led to me having a pretty decent setup, but it acts funny
because these items are not supposed to sing together the way they're singing together.
And I keep making little changes that make it necessary to for me to relearn the thing
a little bit.
But don't take the bait on social media and on TV, the bait is, of course, this enticing
mystery that we need to solve.
And it is really, it is something that we have been lured into by a very elaborate theater.
And so it is this elaborate theater that once we have identified it, once you see the bricks
at the back of the theater, it's our job to take apart the scenery and try to argue for
a refund, right?
I mean, that's really where we should be thinking we are.
And I started the previous two untimed streams with this idea that there were influencers
on both sides of the narrative that were courting and coercing and cajoling people to believe
what they wanted them to believe, not just on our side, not just the people that I've
been talking about over here.
But there are also people on the Fauci side who got into arguments.
And on the Fauci side with with with Z dog that got into arguments about who's right
and who's wrong and who's extreme and who isn't.
And those people, as they argued, agreed that those people over there who are arguing are
really crazy.
And so when I show this illusion of consensus about gain of function viruses and about a
lab leak, I'm really only showing you half of the, of the, in a cartoon, it would be
this cloud of smoke and dust with like spiraling things going around it.
It's this argument over here and then an argument over here and the agreement that you were
in the right argument there in the wrong argument.
So it's much more enticing than even just natural virus or lab leak, but it's the argument
that occurred over here that was different than the argument that occurred over on our
side.
And parts of this illusion have been revealed as we've, we've tried to push through the
weeds here.
And you know, it, it, it happens that we've made very good friends with Denny Rancour
and that he's doing a really good job of dispelling this mythology of a spreading viral
pathogen.
And we've had him on the show a couple times and more recently he was actually on Kim
Iverson's show.
And so I just wanted to play this again.
I know if you've seen it, I apologize, I won't play much.
It's only like four minutes.
But it's really important to get it on here because Kim really does push back and actually
does try to bait him about, you know, is there a virus or not and to get him to defend
that position.
And almost like an a keto master like Steven Segal, Kim Iverson is just on the mat.
You don't even really know how it happened.
And I am making a little joke there.
Of course, I don't think Steven Segal and his I keto are, I don't know what they are.
But anyway, I just started throwing it in there.
I want to debate about that.
I love a keto.
Were there areas that had massive spikes of the virus the same as let's say Northern
Italy or New York, but who did not use any of those treatment protocols, but stuck with
the tried and true of how you deal with the respiratory illness.
And yeah, okay, so that spike that initial spike you caused it due to the virus.
You understand I'm arguing it's not due to a virus at all.
It's due to the what with the measures that were applied.
That's what killed people.
What I'm saying though is that but but we did see a spot.
I mean, are you I guess first we have to ask, do you believe that COVID-19 as a virus exists
at all that SARS-CoV-2 exists?
I think that question is irrelevant.
What I'm trying to say is all the data that is a firm hard all-cause mortality data is
inconsistent with the idea of a particularly virulent at the gym that spreads.
It's inconsistent with that.
So you can believe that there's a whole spectrum of viruses and bacteria, whatever
you want, but there was nothing special or new in terms of these pathogens that did anything
that spreads that the data is inconsistent with that.
So you don't have to get into the question of whether or not viruses exist and all these
exotic things.
I don't even want to touch that.
I'm just saying my view of the data is that this is not a spreading pathogen period.
It's inconsistent with that.
It's disproved by the data.
But you asked the question, well, were there places where they weren't applying these these
these very horrendous protocols and that still had spikes?
Well, our data we've done studies about this and for example, Germany did not apply these
fancy protocols.
Germany did business as usual and had zero peak at the beginning of the pandemic.
There is no signal there whatsoever in the entire territory of Germany.
So when you make a map of Europe and you put colors on for the intensity of that peak,
it's red in northern France, for example, around London, around Madrid.
There's these horrible red spots and it does not cross the border into Germany whatsoever.
Germany stays white on the map, if you like.
But I guess what I'm saying is that, you know, as they were tracking the virus itself
and the spread of the virus, they were saying then that the answer to that would be, well,
because Germany had taken all these measures that they weren't getting the virus into their
country yet, that it hadn't spread into Germany.
So if it was spreading in Italy, but not in Germany, then of course, Italy would see the
spikes in Germany, wouldn't you can wave your hands like that.
Okay, first of all, I don't believe that they were they weren't tracking mortality.
They may have been tracking something that they call, you know, cases of COVID or whatever
with these very suspicious tests that they were using and so on.
They can do all of that and they can count cases.
I put all that aside and I look at mortality because it's the only thing that I'm sure
of and it's something you can measure and be certain of and all the jurisdictions do it.
And when I look at mortality, there is no evidence of any spread.
There's evidence of bursts of mortality when you start doing something.
So right right at the beginning, when you started applying these aggressive protocols,
you had certain hotspots that had peaks, that mortality did not spread.
It didn't then spread throughout the end.
So you're saying it doesn't matter if there was a virus or not circulating because you're
not even looking at that you're looking at deaths and only deaths.
And when you look at mortality and the deaths in areas, you're not seeing deaths spread
from one region to a next to a next that would indicate that something was spreading around
killing people.
That's right.
Now, Kim, in fact, I see the opposite.
That's what's important.
I see the opposite.
I see the US, which has a very large number of very vulnerable people that did die in
the US, the excess mortality during the COVID period correlates perfectly with the poverty,
the number of people living in poverty in the state.
You get this incredible correlation line that goes through the origin of Pearson correlation
coefficient of 0.86, which is unheard of.
And so it was poor people who died, and especially in the southern states.
Now, you cross this thousand kilometers of border between Canada and the US, and there
were no deaths in Canada in that whole period, virtually none.
You can hardly detect the excess mortality in Canada compared to the United States.
That's impossible.
These are two of the biggest trading partners in the world.
The highways were open.
It's impossible that a virus that is said to have been spreading did not want to cross
the border to Canada.
Same thing.
You'll have the Trudeau's of the world and all the Trudeau's supporters saying, well,
that's because we implemented some serious protocols that prevented people from traveling.
You couldn't even travel in Canada.
You guys were in major lockdown, unlike what we were here in the United States.
Lockdown levels that you guys experienced was much harsher.
So they would say, I would think that you can always wave your hands and say that kind
of thing.
If you believe that it is a pandemic causing virus, you cannot believe that it will refuse
across a border like that.
That's just incredible.
There's no signs that makes any sense if you want to believe that.
But also, in one of our studies, which I co-authored, the lead author was John Johnson from Harvard
University, and we authored a paper where we looked at states in the United States and
we compared neighboring states that share a border, one that locked down and the other
didn't.
And they were comparable otherwise.
We found 12 pairs of states like that that you could directly compare, and we found unambiguously
that the lockdowns states have these large excess mortalities, which were not present
in the non-lockdown neighbor that shared a border with it, and that was republished.
So that makes sense to me, except how do you explain that my guess is the hospitals were
not overwhelmed in Canada, right?
So it's like, the people still have to show up, I mean, they don't magically, they can't
magically use a ventilator, right?
Canada has large cities and large hospitals, and they were claiming the same kinds of problems
of overwork and over this and over that in Canada as anywhere, any other major city in
the world.
So, just because it's a big country and a relatively small population doesn't mean
still, but the population is concentrated in cities, right?
So there's no way to explain.
He goes on there to explain further, you can find that.
Maybe I should just drop this quickly in the chatty chat here for you, or did somebody
already do that?
I didn't see anybody had done that yet, so let me see if I can do that.
There you go, that's the rumble we just watched.
So another thing happened that I thought was really cool, yesterday you will recall that
I did a second video of Campbell and Gleesh that was talking more about the immunology,
but more about the origins of the virus and how they were locked dead Scooby-Doo mystery
100% dead on balls accurate, to the point where actually he admitted the other guest
of Campbell that he had been on board with Dr. Quay for a very long time early on.
And I can't express adequately how it is that I am skeptical of everybody who zeroed
in on a fear and cleavage site in February or even January of 2020.
It's just absurd.
And what I also said in that video yesterday was that there were a few parts of that video
that these two people would cue in on and not even 24 hours later, Dan Wilson releases
a video, what went wrong with John Campbell with none other than Susan Oliver.
Now, you can actually see a conspiracy here because it's almost impossible for him to
have produced this yesterday.
I guess he could have, but it's almost like we communicated like he it's crazy and I just
want to play a little bit of Susan Oliver's story.
I don't know how much we can take, but it's really instructive that all of these people
basically have the same story.
They wandered into biology with no good idea of what they were going to do.
They wandered into biology with the idea of making money and they learned very quickly
that you can't make money as a postdoc and so neither of them did a postdoc.
And they went on to work in some industry and Susan Oliver will at the end of this video
even admit that she saved up so much money during her time and industry that she's able
to sell fund her YouTube escapades.
I think it's instructive to listen to this because again, these two are two that might
have a disagreement about Ibermectin and yet because they agree that everybody should be
vaccinated and then Australia should have locked down and that's why they saved so many lives
and yada yada yada.
They can disagree about something in order to make it seem as though there's a healthy
debate going on even on YouTube.
Even carefully.
The internet was or on YouTube I should say was this week in virology, this week in virology
and I'd actually got that via Facebook and so it started.
So she's saying that the first people that she found during the pandemic on YouTube was
this week in virology which is already sketchy and then she's going to go on to say how she
got mixed up with John Campbell and then eventually decided to make her own YouTube channel.
It's really compelling.
I subscribed to that and started watching it and prior to that I'd never watched YouTube
at all and then slowly YouTube started recommending other channels.
One of them of course was yours which I also started watching but the other one was Dr.
John Campbell and at the time he was being quite reasonable.
He was pretty much just presenting stats from around the world.
It wasn't particularly technical but it was a fairly good way to keep up to date with
exactly what was happening.
So I started watching his channel and he said something about Australia and he just got
it completely wrong.
It wasn't intentional, he just didn't understand basically.
So I thought why don't I just send him a little email and let him know what he got wrong.
So I sent him an email explaining that what he said wasn't actually correct.
And sort of misinterpreted what our chief medical officer had said and I said no he
didn't actually mean this, explain what he meant.
And then at the time Dr. Campbell was also, he'd been sort of showing us a photo of people
wearing masks at the end of his video site that they sent him.
So I'd also sent him a photo of me in the lab, I had a pig lab coat on and I was wearing
a pig mask and I said look I'm not sure if you're still showing photos of people but
if you are he's one of me.
So anyway the next day he did correct himself, he did show the photo of me in the mask.
So I don't know why it's breaking up, maybe the recording didn't go very well but here
you see her tell the story that she actually became interested in being an internet personality
upon interacting with John Campbell and sending him a picture of her with a mask on so that
he could use it in his stream.
Here you're going to find that he made some mistakes and then she realized that he was
an idiot but at first it was kind of her idol, she was excited and here at the end maybe
if it's not too horrible we can hear the end of this video.
Many many videos have been removed by YouTube, many men were actually debunking it so I thought
this time I'll because I think I sort of think it was something like calm, the initial title
was something like effective being monkey kidney cells or something so I think maybe
they probably read the title and said oh she's saying it's effective without actually realizing
this is her first YouTube video I got pulled from YouTube and I did quite a few more and they
all stayed up and here we are although obviously during that time many many videos have been
removed by YouTube.
So what a weird story right many many videos have been removed from YouTube, her first
YouTube video which is about Ibermectin was removed and then she did many videos that
didn't get removed so she kept doing it but in the meantime many many videos got removed.
It's such a weird story that it almost sounds like a lie.
So I thought this time I'll because I think I sort of think it was something like calm,
the initial title was something like effective being monkey kidney cells or something so I
think maybe they probably read the title and said oh she's saying it's effective without actually
realizing what else what I was doing so the next one stayed up and I did quite a few more
and they all stayed up and here we are although obviously during that time many many videos have
been removed by YouTube. Many many appeals have been rejected but luckily the...
Do you see it? It's this illusion that even she has suffered from the censorship even he has
suffered from the censorship. It's not like the censorship was just applied to one side.
We these people also got censored because they're part of this healthy debate and the evidence for
it is their censorship. Don't you see? It's the same evidence that we have. It's the same evidence
that we have that Robert Malone is obviously correct because of his censorship. The reason why
Steve Kirsch is obviously correct is because he gets censored and labeled as the biggest misinformation
spreader on the internet. Do you see it? They're all playing the same cards and it doesn't matter
whether they're playing to the MSNBC crowd or the Fox News crowd or the Glenn Beck crowd.
It's the same crowd. You should believe in me because I was censored. You should understand
that I'm a critical thinker because critical thinking is censored and believe it or not
the people that watch the view are being fooled by the same narrative as the people who watch
Tucker Carlson. Censorship points to the answer. Do you see it? It's extraordinary.
Such a media team on Twitter seemed to be reasonably booked now at getting them reinstated and they
did eventually even reinstate the whole other marketing video that was my best video so that's
now back after all this and so that's a rather long story to as to how I did it and I wanted to
why I ended up not getting another job when Australia reopened again was I realized how much I love
not working. That is true to be fair I was also censored but I believe the trick is to see what
was censored because YouTube never ever ever and still hasn't censored any of my stuff.
We're gone the bike. All the stuff about gain of function on the bike all the stuff about a
lab leak on the bike it's still there. Never once did I get a strike on that stuff. What I got a
strike on was when I started teaching immunology in my backyard what I got a strike on is when I
started walking through the park here in Pittsburgh talking about the New World Order
but definitely when I started talking about the biology on my back in my backyard on my table
that that's when I got censored and I started taking a lot of things down because I wasn't
sure what was going to get my next strike and if you get three you're done and that's why I
pretty much have left JC on a bike the channel alone it's the only evidence I've got of where I
was in March or February of 2020 so yeah you're right but I was being censored once I started
speaking out about certain things and then I sort was led to believe that that censorship
might be because I was speaking out about a lab leak but I kind of knew in my gut it was because
I was speaking out about the the irrelevance of a lab leak and the fact that immunology says
that we're going to be fine because RNA viruses are RNA viruses let's listen to her finish because
it's really comical I just love the fact that I no longer set my alarm in the morning I do actually
have it said it's seven thirty as I could fail say so that I don't just waste too much time in
Ben but I used to get up when I was working like about ten to six every morning and I was away
and so I'm really loving the fact that I just don't have to do that anymore and so yes I thought
I don't actually I sort of when when I was working I was fairly smart we're investing my
money and everything so which is obviously why I could afford to go back and get a PhD because
as you know you don't want to get paid a lot of money when you're doing a PhD so I didn't need
to work for money like even so the last three years when I was on the contract everything I
learned is in the back I didn't spend any of it so I figured I don't actually need the money so
I'm really enjoying not working so I'm not gonna work anymore that's totally understandable and
that's all great I mean so so she's not working anymore she's just uh just making sure that they
stay on narrative right that's what she does
we're gonna go um we're gonna go into the archives of jc on a bike and we're gonna open up a video
that I put on private in march of 2020 and we're gonna watch where I was this is taxi in case you
care
now you guys are all talking about the taxi song so I got to let it play out
so let's bring this window up over here and this window and we'll go to
I'll just float over here quick bring this up I don't know what I'm gonna reveal if I do that but
I'm gonna do it anyway and we'll go over here and we'll go to youtube studio and we'll go to content
and we'll go down here and we're gonna look for jc in the woods episode one
now this is not going to be a typical show um because jc on jc in the woods episode one is not
about biology but it's just you know where was I what was I doing besides this and this is
what day is this I believe this is march let's just look at this on youtube here
I believe this is
march 18th 2020 now the first thing we're gonna do is we're gonna go back to youtube studio
we're gonna go back to channel content and we're gonna take this youtube jc on a bike and we're
gonna take it from private and we're gonna make it public public public publish and now we're
gonna go back over here and we're gonna take this and we're gonna copy it out and we're gonna put
it down here so that you guys can share it and here we go let's see what this video is all about
hi this is jc on a bike oh you're fast start a new series holy crap look at how fatty is this
series is going to be a storytelling series it's a little bit of american history and a little bit
of modern history and the idea is to try and relay some of the things that I've been studying and
reading about since I was a teenager a lot of these things in history are called conspiracy
theories but actually what they are a real history so what does the new world order want
they want to end nation states they've always wanted to end nation states and bring in one world
government that one world government has always been spookily attached to the united nations and
so it wouldn't surprise me if that's in the end the way that we go we will crash the euro a fiat
currency newly instituted about 20 years ago we will crash the american dollar because that's
also a fiat currency and then we will have most of the population of the western world asking for
a solution and that solution will be a one world government with a new one world currency
let's talk about it in the woods holy crap there's my little boy
I can almost start crying if I see him that small
so I want to tell you this story about my roommate the conspiracy theorist
he told me a story about the new world order the new world order is a cabal of loosely organized
groups which use the power of fractional reserve banking to control governments around the world
fractional reserve banking is the idea that a bank only needs to have x amount of money
in its vaults in order to loan out x times 10 amount of money to people in charge interest
if you're not familiar with how fractional reserve banking works I suggest you google it
before you watch the rest of this film simply because the whole story that I'm about to tell
you is based on the idea that governments around the world are controlled by fractional reserve
I want to tell you guys a story and it's a story about a roommate of mine that I had in college
in the early 90s I graduated from high school in 1990 and so I met this guy in Chicago when I
went to university there and this guy was already a very big conspiracy theorist at 18 years old
and he got me really into trying to read about alternative interpretations of modern political
events he got me into JFK into the Oklahoma City bombing he introduced me to Ted Gunderson
and guys like Mike Rupert who were guys that seemed pretty credible sources that had either
worked for the FBI or in Mike Rupert's case had worked for the LAPD for a long time and had come
out as sort of anti-government conspiracy people that were suggesting that law enforcement and
the FBI and the government were working together to sort of control society by alternative means
mostly by using fractional reserve banking and other means of control like drugs and sex and this
kind of thing to control Congress and to control the government where this story begins is with
things like the Bilderberg group and the Bohemian Grove these kinds of conspiracy theories that
revolved around a pyramid of groups that a lot of times ended with the Illuminati at the top
these groups the council on foreign relations these the trilateral commission these groups exist
and they exist in some sort of organizational structure which has for a long time been documented
by a number of different people in a number of different books and these have always been labeled
as kind of crazy but the interesting thing is and through all of these conspiracy theories
it's a cabal of people that are controlling the left and the right and so all the conspiracy
theories that I knew when I was younger and including the one that this roommate of mine told me about
were conspiracy theories that involved a group of people controlling the left and the right
and so conspiracy theorists were outside of the dichotomy that was the functioning
you know United States government theater that we all are sort of bamboozled by at the moment
how would these things get me thinking about you know what would my old roommate have said
what's going on right now if he were experiencing the coronavirus quarantine
and I think it has to come back to the NWO what is the new world order what was the new world order
and by the new world order we're talking about the thing that George H.W. Bush spoke about in
front of the United Nations way back when it might have been 1996 already
and as we think about this stuff you really need to remember your history if you don't remember
your history then none of this stuff will make sense but if you remember your history
and you go back piece by piece this stuff just falls together and the most
parsimonious explanation is that the theater is still in business and it's the same theater
now you can go back 20 or 40 years and find books which talk about the step-by-step process
by which they were going to introduce the new world order and it started a long time ago
with putting the dollar as a fiat currency rather than having it tied to gold
one of the parts of this story that's really interesting is that for a long time people have
claimed that one of the reasons why Kennedy was shot was because he was trying to put the dollar
back on a silver standard and they didn't want that
anyway the point is is that back in the 90s they were telling all kinds of stories about how
this cabal of rich people connected people were controlling governments using a combination of
pedophilia sex drugs and money and that through bribery and blackmail most of the
US congress was controlled this was the conspiracy theory that was going around in the 1990s
and this was tied together with the Oklahoma City bombing as being largely staged and later on
has 9-11 being largely staged number of people don't know some of those details about 9-11 that
still strike us all as odd to this day because we don't talk about them anymore there's no footage
of the plane that hit the Pentagon there's no evidence that a plane did hit the Pentagon because
there were no seats or no engines removed from the crash even though these are things that usually
don't get destroyed when a plane hits the ground and furthermore there was this building 7 problem
that no one ever really talks about anymore but building 7 is one of the best examples
of a part of a story that gets eliminated the moment that it doesn't really jive
with the intended narrative and building 7 is probably one of the more interesting structural
failures ever caught on film so if you haven't seen it google it it's really fun
if you're not really familiar with the 9-11 conspiracy theories i'm not really gonna
rehash those here but if you want to get started with it you want to look for the plane listen to
that voice like he's not even trying he's just talking and it comes out like that isn't that
crazy at the Pentagon and you want to look for what happened with building 7 most of the current
accounts of 9-11 don't really talk about building 7 anymore and building 7 is the one where really
the laws of physics are broken if you want to search it specifically look for the size of the
steel beams that were used in that building and why they were used and what was underneath that
building and why that building was so strongly built like it or not the effects of 9-11 were
a very big boon for all of those industries that Eisenhower warned us about all those years ago
then you say to yourself well jay come on that's not a very scary conspiracy
that rich people use money to control politicians that's no big deal but it's not just controlling
politicians the story and the conspiracy theory is that they control governments
and by governments then they control society societies are the world so global governance
in this NWO conspiracy model has a group of people not connected to the democrats or the
republicans or the labor party or the Tories but that work above and beyond these silly divisions
that we fight about and the thing that is really creepy about this is that the new world order
as it was codified in the 80s and 90s when i was into this when i was younger the new world order
wanted a few things already back then i think one of the things that you can really look up
if you haven't seen it is Aaron Russo's movie if you don't know who Aaron Russo is he's a director
from the 90s and made a lot of movies he directed trading places with Eddie Murphy friends with
one of the Rockefellers and the Rockefellers boy told him the plan and that plan is to chip us all
to get rid of cash and to have us have a chip under our skin that is our identification chip
it also has our money on it with the idea that if they wanted to make us drop out of society if
they wanted to turn us off they could this is in that movie i can't remember what it's called america
i'm flashing it up on the freedom to fascism not before i posted america freedom to fascism in
the case you forgot and coronavirus easily fits into this narrative it's one of the things that
was suggested already ten years ago as a method of ushering in the last two bits of the new world
order the last two bits of the new world order are the craziest ones the last two bits are a cashless
economy and of course they want to get rid of end-to-end encryption that's what the earn
and act is if you look up the earn it act right now you already find that congress is working on
it right now to get rid of end-to-end encryption on our phones so that they can read and monitor
your messages all the time but the other thing that the new world order wants is a cashless economy
and they want to get rid of nation states whoa wait now you're talking about the united nations
conspiracy yeah yeah that's the same one the one that we've been talking about for 40 years
that the united nations was going to be called in to take over america and we would surrender our
sovereignty to the united nations will imagine a scenario where a global pandemic takes down the
EU and america all at once and we're begging them for a global government led by the united nations
they're going to get rid of the elections because of course we can't have an election now it's
already happening the primaries are being canceled and so i think it started i mean
what a wonderful exciting time to be in america when this kind of stuff when everything aligns
so well with the history conspiracy theory that people have been telling for 40 or 80 years
about how the federal reserve bank is just actually a cabal of privately owned banks
controlled by privately owned banks and these private owners of our banks control all the world's
governments with a combination of money drugs and women now they've let out a nice convenient
bio contagion and they are amplifying the panic of it as much as they possibly can
and we will be left with china and russia against the rest of the world
if you don't think it's happening just watch and make sure it doesn't i hope it doesn't happen
but i'm telling you that's what they want to happen they want to chip you they want to put
a chip in your hand so that they can scan you whenever they want to scan you and your medical
records will be there your behavior records will be there they will be able to track where you go
follow your movements and turn off your money in contact with society whenever they want to
and that's their plan that's the big scary part of the nwo now if you don't think that's happening
then you don't have to worry about the coronavirus being a hoax it's probably just a virus and we
need to be terrified but what if it's not what if this is a plan what if this is the final
stage of that plan the plan that people have been talking about since the 50s and 60s oh my gosh
i remember that plan that people have been talking about since i remember that i got stung by a bug
on my bike it got when that helmet and stung my ear and it's swollen there i remember that wow
that's so weird entity was shot the plan that people have been talking about sorry i'll go back
about that plan the plan that people have been talking about since the 50s and 60s the plan that
people have been talking about since Kennedy was shot the plan that people have been talking about
since the oklahoma city bombing the plan that people have been talking about since the league of
of nations was instituted followed by the United Nations.
The plan that people have been talking about
since the IMF was first instituted, and the World Bank.
Plan that everybody's been talking about
that originated with the Rothschilds.
What if this plan is real?
And what if the coronavirus is a part of it?
That's the scary story of real human history.
Holy crap.
Can you believe that J.C. on a bike was actually doing that?
In March of, and look it, we can show you the date.
We'll show you the real date on that video.
Is March 18th, 2020.
And so there were five in that video series.
So we'll watch them on successive Thursdays,
but we also have to catch up on a few other things,
including America Freedom to Fascism,
which I mentioned in this video.
I don't want to keep you too much longer.
I actually was looking forward to going upstairs
and hanging out with my fam Damilly tonight.
I did end up deciding to coach basketball for the sixth grade.
And that means that I am going to try and shift
my show forward in time.
I don't know how far forward
if it's going to go all the way to the morning
and then I'm going to work in the afternoons,
or if I'm going to start getting up early in the morning
to work so that I can fulfill my obligations
and get stuff done in stills three before dinner
or during dinner, as you saw my best friend
brought me some gnocchi for dinner,
which is just like, what, are you kidding me?
I win.
Anyway, ladies and gentlemen,
I think we have an emergency on our hands
that we all understand very well.
And that is that all cause mortality was converted
to some kind of mythology on the basis
that there was a novel virus,
a novel virus in and of itself was a mythology.
The way that we detected it was a mythology
and the way that we forced people to change
the way that they treat respiratory disease
resulted in deaths that reinforced
the mythology of a novel virus.
It may be that an infectious RNA clone was used
in order to seed the sequence around the world,
but it's likely that those clones didn't spread very far.
And if they were resulting in disease,
they still didn't result in spread
as Denny Rancor and others have shown with their data
or the analysis of all cause mortality around the world.
And it is the idea of inverting your kids
and your grandchildren's sovereignty to that of permissions.
They want to bring in from freedom to fascism.
That's why we got to watch that movie.
It is about the diversity that's on the planet,
but they don't need everybody.
They just really need the inversion
of how you think about yourself,
how you see your biology,
so that when they decide to start sampling it
or tell you how it works, you'll believe them.
Just like we all believe that antibodies were the thing,
and just like we believe that the virus was novel
and that everybody was vulnerable.
I have redone the website.
It actually doesn't look quite like this anymore.
I got rid of the support link at the front.
I got rid of the brief, sorry, there's my arrow.
I got rid of the brief link here.
I got rid of the support link here.
You can scroll down and if you click on this link,
instead of going to support,
you go to the last episode that needed correction.
And so hopefully, is the timing still good?
Are we still good here with the timing?
That would be spectacular.
Anyway, so you can now scroll down
to become a supporter if you'd like.
You can also join us on soapbox still.
And not supporting my work there anymore,
but you're just finding the last stream
that I put on the archive.
And I'm gonna try and be a little better about that,
I promise, because I do think it's valuable
to have those things permanently on Vimeo.
And once they're on Vimeo,
you can actually download them as well from the link.
Transfection is not immunization.
If you wanna say it with more words,
you can say the intramuscular injection
of any combination of substances
with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Hey, anyway, stop transfections in humans
because they're trying to eliminate the control group
by any means.
And necessary, don't forget to go to the
Broken Science Initiative and share their work.
You can see my friend Matt Briggs
also discussing the recent lampooning
of the transfection by giving them
a Nobel Prize tongue and cheek.
This has been gig ombiological,
and you guys like this song,
so I'm definitely gonna play it.
Thanks, guys.
I'll see you again tomorrow night, as usual.
The streak will continue.
Weak voice or not, thanks for joining me.
BEY car
I can't believe we fixed this bit ray thing.
I didn't drop a single frame now.
It's crazy.
I mean, I really was blowing it.
I totally changed the resolution on the monitor
that I was monitoring the show from.
And then it made OBS completely barfed up all the time
because it couldn't render that many pixels fast
and it'll be something like that.
I'm an idiot, but you know, you make a...
You can make a deal with what you got.
Eventually you figure it out.
At least I didn't bump my head or something.
Thanks guys.